###################################
April 2, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of April
2, 2014.  See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

You can access the public edX `roadmap <https://edx-
wiki.atlassian.net/wiki/display/OPENPROD/Open+EdX+Public+Product+Roadmap>`_ for
details about the currently planned product direction.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course.
  <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/>`_ You can also download
  the guide as a PDF from the edX Studio user interface.

  Recent changes include:

  * Expanded the `Grade and Answer Data <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/
    en/latest/running_course/course_grades.html>`_ chapter to include the new
    `Student Answer Distribution <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/late
    st/running_course/course_grades.html#review-answers>`_ section.


* `edX Data Documentation
  <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/devdata/en/latest/>`_

  Recent changes include:

  *  Added the `Data Czar/Data Team Selection and Responsibilities <http://edx.r
     eadthedocs.org/projects/devdata/en/latest/internal_data_formats/data_czar.h
     tml>`_ chapter.

* `edX Platform Developer Documentation
  <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/devdata/en/latest/>`_

  Recent changes include:

  *  Added the `Custom JavaScript Display and Grading <http://edx.readthedocs.or
     g/projects/userdocs/en/latest/extending_platform/javascript.html>`_
     chapter.



*************
edX Studio
*************

* You can use a new IFrame template, available in the options when you create a
  new HTML component. An IFrame allows you to integrate ungraded exercises and
  tools from any Internet site into the body of your course. The IFrame appears
  inside an HTML component, and the exercise or tool appears inside the IFrame.
  (BLD-678)

* You can now upload video transcripts for multiple languages. In the Video
  editor, open the **Advanced** tab. In the **Transcript Translations** section,
  select a language, then click **Upload** to select the transcript file from
  your computer.  Click **Add** and repeat this process for additional
  languages.

